Is this collaboration significant?
If the Kunlun lineage is made public
It means your grandma's house is not enough
This company must be the first in Elephant
Congratulations Lei Chao
Closer to home now
Dad?
However
It is absolutely impossible to marry someone who is guilty of both
Qin Lao
I didn't expect you to be at my home
I have this disease with a boss
What should Lei Zhen do with the Kunlun lineage Daxiong strategy?
Why don't I know about the agreement?
What kind of identity are you?
You deserve to know who you are
My identity has nothing to do with you
Obviously don't say that again
I don't mind that.
Others dislike you
Make you not want to be rich
It's not just firewood, rice, oil and salt
It's more insulting to me
My master
Li Yi, you take yourself too seriously
Retail exists at this level
Not something you can afford to offend
Don't fantasize about marrying Miss Qin
Not worthy of her
The eyebrows want to be exposed
Just one sentence.
Don't call it an insult
What if it's an insult to you?
I didn't expect you to have the confidence to stand here?
You said I insulted your master and you
Then tell me what background you two have.
Lin Shao, he is my ex-husband
Half with the boss
Did I let you talk?